[DOCS] Adds UI related limitation to configuring aggs docs (#65184)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/anomaly-detection/ml-configuring-aggregations.asciidoc

your detectors use <<ml-count-functions,count>> or <<ml-rare-functions,rare>>
functions, set the interval to the same value as the bucket span.

> If your <<aggs-dfeeds,{dfeed} uses aggregations with nested `terms`>> and model 

Reviewer: This limitation also applies to the anomaly charts in the Anomaly Explorer.

your detectors use <<ml-count-functions,count>> or <<ml-rare-functions,rare>>
functions, set the interval to the same value as the bucket span.

If your <<aggs-dfeeds,{dfeed} uses aggregations with nested `terms`>> and model 
plot is not enabled for the {anomaly-job}, then neither the **Single Metric 

> Viewer** nor the ***Anomaly Explorer** in {kib} can plot and display an anomaly 

Author: ```suggestion
Viewer** nor the **Anomaly Explorer** in {kib} can plot and display an anomaly 
```

your detectors use <<ml-count-functions,count>> or <<ml-rare-functions,rare>>
functions, set the interval to the same value as the bucket span.

If your <<aggs-dfeeds,{dfeed} uses aggregations with nested `terms`>> and model 
plot is not enabled for the {anomaly-job}, then neither the **Single Metric 
Viewer** nor the **Anomaly Explorer** in {kib} can plot and display an anomaly 

> chart for the job. Single Metric Viewer doesn't support configurations where 

Reviewer: Sorry, this needs more editing as this issue affects the charts in both the Anomaly Explorer and Single Metric Viewer. I'm not sure how best to phrase this - charts are displayed, but the values plotted in the charts don't match up unless the job bucket span is the same as the interval used for the date_histogram aggregation. For example, here the bucket_span is `30m` and the date_histogram aggregation interval is `15m`. The result is the data in the chart is twice the actual value:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7405507/99655168-44cefc80-2a53-11eb-96ef-89d23f2ed989.png)

your detectors use <<ml-count-functions,count>> or <<ml-rare-functions,rare>>
functions, set the interval to the same value as the bucket span.

> If your <<aggs-dfeeds,{dfeed} uses aggregations with nested `terms`>> and model 

Reviewer 2: In case people don't notice the formatting, it might be nice to qualify this:
```suggestion
If your <<aggs-dfeeds,{dfeed} uses aggregations with nested `terms` aggs>> and model 
```

> plot is not enabled for the {anomaly-job}, then neither can the **Single Metric 

Reviewer 2: IMO we can usually leave out "then" in cases like this:
```suggestion
plot is not enabled for the {anomaly-job}, neither the **Single Metric 
```

> Viewer** nor the **Anomaly Explorer** in {kib} plot and display an anomaly 

Reviewer 2: IMO we don't need to point out they're in Kibana here, but am fine with being overruled
```suggestion
Viewer** nor the **Anomaly Explorer** can plot and display an anomaly 
```

> chart for the job.

Reviewer 2: > chart for the job.

As a reader, this makes me wonder whether an error is returned or the charts are just blank. If you think it's not overkill, it might be nice to tell them what they'll experience.

> chart for the job. In this cases, the charts are blank.

Author: ```suggestion
chart for the job. In these cases, the charts are blank.
```

> chart for the job. In these cases, the charts are blank.

Reviewer 3: My apologies for another change, for 7.11, in these cases, the charts will not be visible and there will be call outs explaining why.

Author: Modified the text accordingly via 5148e84.

When the aggregation interval of the {dfeed} and the bucket span of the job 

> don't match, the values of the chart plotted in both the Single Metric Viewer 

Reviewer 2: Adding missing bold:
```suggestion
don't match, the values of the chart plotted in both the **Single Metric Viewer** 
```

> and the Anomaly Explorer differs from the actual values of the job. To avoid 

Reviewer 2: Since I think it's the the "values" (plural) that differ, we should drop the "s" here:
```suggestion
and the **Anomaly Explorer** differ from the actual values of the job. To avoid 
```

your detectors use <<ml-count-functions,count>> or <<ml-rare-functions,rare>>
functions, set the interval to the same value as the bucket span.

If your <<aggs-dfeeds,{dfeed} uses aggregations with nested `terms` aggs>> and 
model plot is not enabled for the {anomaly-job}, neither the **Single Metric 
Viewer** nor the **Anomaly Explorer** can plot and display an anomaly 

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Author: ```suggestion
```

chart for the job. In this cases, the charts are not visible and an explanatory 
message is shown.

> =======
> chart for the job. In these cases, the charts are blank.
> >>>>>>> c7ee66b56a48246a14543ad24dc6b691a1c9a226

Author: ```suggestion
```
